Blog post for beta1 (#180)
rails/weblog: _posts/2019-01-18-Rails-6-0-Action-Mailbox-Action-Text-Multiple-DBs-Parallel-Testing.markdown

The [new multiple database support](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34052) makes it easy for a single application to connect to, well, multiple databases at the same time! You can either do this because you want to segment certain records into their own databases for scaling or isolation, or because you're doing read/write splitting with replica databases for performance. Either way, there's a new, simple API for making that happen without reaching inside the bowels of Active Record. The foundational work for multiple-database support was done by Eileen Uchitelle and Aaron Patterson.

> With parallel testing support, you can finally take advantage of all those cores in your machine to run big test suites faster. Each testing worker gets its own database and runs in its own thread, so you're not pegging one CPU to 100% while the other 9 sit idle by (ya'll do have a 10-core iMac Pro, right 😂). Hurray! The foundational work for parallel-testing support was done by Eileen Uchitelle.

Reviewer: Aaron worked on parallel testing too.

You also have a very small typo "ya'll" should be "y'all" because it's shortened "you all".

The [new multiple database support](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34052) makes it easy for a single application to connect to, well, multiple databases at the same time! You can either do this because you want to segment certain records into their own databases for scaling or isolation, or because you're doing read/write splitting with replica databases for performance. Either way, there's a new, simple API for making that happen without reaching inside the bowels of Active Record. The foundational work for multiple-database support was done by Eileen Uchitelle and Aaron Patterson.

With [parallel testing support](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/31900), you can finally take advantage of all those cores in your machine to run big test suites faster. Each testing worker gets its own database and runs in its own thread, so you're not pegging one CPU to 100% while the other 9 sit idle by (y'all do have a 10-core iMac Pro, right 😂). Hurray! The foundational work for parallel-testing support was done by Eileen Uchitelle and Aaron Patterson.

> Webpacker is now the default JavaScript bundler for Rails through the new app/javascript directory. We're still using the asset pipeline with Sprockets for CSS and static assets, though. The two integrate very nicely and offers the best trade-off of advanced JavaScript features with a it-just-works approach to other assets.

Reviewer 2: nitpicks:

"The two ... offers" -> "The two ... offer"

"a it-just-works approach" -> "an it-just-works-approach"

```suggestion
Webpacker is now the default JavaScript bundler for Rails through the new app/javascript directory. We're still using the asset pipeline with Sprockets for CSS and static assets, though. The two integrate very nicely and offer the best trade-off of advanced JavaScript features with an it-just-works approach to other assets.
```

> Those are just some of the marque additions, but Rails 6.0 is also packed with minor changes, fixes, and upgrades. Just some I'd call out: [Proper Action Cable testing](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/33659#issue-209385961), Action Cable JavaScript rewritten in ES6, protection against DNS rebinding attacks, and per-environment credentials. Also, Rails 6 will require Ruby 2.5.0+ now. You can checkout everything in the individual framework CHANGELOG files for the nitty-gritty rundown.

Reviewer 2: Another nitpick. I think "check out" is a verb and "checkout" isn't.

```suggestion
Those are just some of the marque additions, but Rails 6.0 is also packed with minor changes, fixes, and upgrades. Just some I'd call out: [Proper Action Cable testing](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/33659#issue-209385961), Action Cable JavaScript rewritten in ES6, protection against DNS rebinding attacks, and per-environment credentials. Also, Rails 6 will require Ruby 2.5.0+ now. You can check out everything in the individual framework CHANGELOG files for the nitty-gritty rundown.
```
